NVDA Form 10-K (2026-02-25) — source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1045810/000104581026000021/nvda-20260125.htm

Business

Item 1. Business Our Company NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDIA is now a data center scale AI infrastructure company reshaping all industries. Our technology stack includes the foundational NVIDIA CUDA development platform that runs on all NVIDIA GPUs, as well as hundreds of domain-specific software libraries, frameworks, algorithms, software development kits, or SDKs, and application programming interfaces, or APIs. This deep and broad software stack accelerates the performance and facilitates the deployment of NVIDIA accelerated computing for computationally intensive workloads such as artificial intelligence, or AI, model training and inference, data analytics, scientific computing, robotics, and 3D graphics, with vertical-specific optimizations to address industries ranging from healthcare and telecom to automotive and manufacturing. Introduced with the Blackwell architecture, our data-center-scale offerings feature extreme co-design where the infrastructure’s chips, networking, systems, software, and algorithms are holistically architected and optimized to maximize performance and scale. Hundreds of thousands of GPUs can be interconnected to function as a single giant computer. This type of data center architecture and scale is needed for the development and deployment of modern AI and accelerated computing applications. The GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates human intelligence, enabling a deeper understanding of language, science, and the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by tens of thousands of computing cores, are essential for deep learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from large amounts of data, can serve as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive, understand and reason about the world. GPU-powered AI solutions are being developed by thousands of enterprises to deliver services and products that would have been immensely difficult or even impossible with traditional coding. Examples include generative AI, which can create new content such as text, code, images, audio, video, molecule structures, and recommendation systems; and agentic AI where systems of AI models work in concert to automatically complete a task. NVIDIA has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware, systems, software, algorithms, libraries, AI models and training data sets, and services to create unique value for the markets we serve. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying programmable architecture allowing us to support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. The large and growing number of developers and installed base across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform for our customers. Innovation is at our core. We have invested over $76.7 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential to modern computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market and redefined computer graphics. With our introduction of CUDA in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our GPU to a broad range of compute-intensive applications, paving the way for the emergence of modern AI. In 2012, the AlexNet neural network, trained on NVIDIA GPUs, won the ImageNet computer image recognition competition, marking the “Big Bang” moment of AI. We introduced our first Tensor Core GPU in 2017, built from the ground-up for the new era of AI, and our first autonomous driving system-on-chips, or SoC, in 2018. Our acquisition of Mellanox in 2020 expanded our offerings to include networking, enabled our platforms to be data center scale, and led to the introduction of a new processor class – the data processing unit, or DPU. Over the past 5 years, we have built full software stacks that run on top of our GPUs and CUDA to bring AI to the world’s largest industries, including NVIDIA DRIVE stack for autonomous driving, Clara for healthcare, Omniverse for physical AI applications, and NVIDIA AI Enterprise software – essentially an operating system for enterprise AI applications. In 2023, we introduced our first data center CPU, Grace, built for giant-scale AI and high-performance computing, or HPC. In 2024, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture – connecting 36 Grace CPUs and 72 Blackwell GPUs in a data center scale, liquid-cooled design – for real-time trillion-parameter inference and training. In fiscal year 2026, we launched and scaled the NVIDIA Blackwell Ultra platform, optimized for agentic, reasoning, and physical AI. Building on the architectural breakthroughs of Blackwell and leveraging Dynamo inference software, it delivers a significant increase in token throughput and reduction in cost per token compared to the Hopper generation. More recently, in support of market development, we have accelerated the release cadence of our open AI model platforms including NVIDIA Nemotron for agentic AI and Cosmos for physical AI. With a strong engineering culture, we drive fast, yet harmonized, product and technology innovations in all dimensions of computing including silicon, systems, networking, software and algorithms. More than half of our engineers work on software. All major cloud service providers, or CSPs, AI model makers, and enterprises use our data center-scale infrastructure and computing platforms to accelerate the services and offerings they deliver to billions of end users and customers, including AI solutions and assistants, AI foundation models, advertising, search, recommendation systems, social 4 Table of Contents networking, data processing, online shopping, live video, and translation. AI model makers use our infrastructure and software hosted at CSPs to develop, build and run AI models, product offerings, and services. Enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our accelerated computing platforms to build new generative and agentic AI-enabled products and services, and/or to dramatically accelerate and reduce the costs of their workloads and workflows. The enterprise software industry uses them for new AI assistants, chatbots, and agents; the transportation industry for autonomous driving; the healthcare industry for accelerated and computer-aided drug discovery; and the financial services industry for customer support and fraud detection. Researchers and developers use our computing solutions to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to climate forecasting. With support for 6,000 applications, NVIDIA computing enables some of the most promising areas of discovery, from climate prediction to materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. Including GPUs and networking, NVIDIA powers over 78% of the supercomputers on the global TOP500 list, including 9 of the top 10 systems on the Green500 list. Gamers choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic virtual worlds. In addition to serving the growing number of gamers, the market for PC GPUs is expanding because of the growing population of live streamers, broadcasters, artists, and creators. With the advent of generative and agentic AI, we expect a broader set of PC users to choose NVIDIA GPUs for running these applications locally on their PC, which is critical for privacy, latency, and cost-sensitive AI applications. Professional artists, architects and designers use NVIDIA partner products accelerated with our GPUs and software platform for a range of creative, engineering, and design use cases, such as creating visual effects in movies or designing buildings and products. In addition, generative and agentic AI is expanding the market for our workstation-class GPUs, as more enterprise customers develop and deploy AI applications with their data on-premises. Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. Our Businesses We report our business results in two segments. The Compute & Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing and networking platforms and AI solutions and software, and Automotive platforms and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions including software. The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, and Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics. Our Markets We specialize in markets where our computing and AI infrastructure platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors, interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. Data Center The NVIDIA Data Center platform is focused on accelerating compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data processing, graphics, robotics, and scientific computing, delivering superior total cost of ownership relative to conventional CPU-only approaches. It is deployed in cloud, hyperscale, on-premises and edge data centers. The platform consists of data center compute and networking infrastructure offerings typically delivered to customers as rack-scale systems, subsystems, or modules, along with software and services. Our Data Center infrastructure systems include supercomputing platforms and servers, bringing together our higher performance, energy efficient GPUs, CPUs, interconnects, and fully optimized AI and HPC software stacks. In addition, they include a growing body of acceleration libraries, AI models and training data sets, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks. Our networking offerings include NVLink interconnects and switches, end-to-end platforms for InfiniBand and Ethernet, consisting of network adapters, cables, DPUs, switch chips and systems, as well as software. This has enabled us to architect data center-scale computing platforms that can interconnect up to hundreds of thousands of compute nodes with high-performance networking. Fueled by an expansion in AI and HPC workloads, the data center has become the new unit of computing, with networking as an integral part. In fiscal year 2026, we introduced NVIDIA NVLink Fusion to enable hyperscalers and custom ASIC designers to integrate custom CPUs and XPUs with our platform. Our customers include all major public and private cloud providers, AI model makers, enterprises and startups, and public sector entities. We work with industry leaders to help build or transform their applications and data center infrastructure. Some of our direct customers include original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, original device manufacturers, or 5 Table of Contents ODMs, system integrators and distributors which we partner with to help bring our products to market. We also have partnerships in automotive, healthcare, financial services, manufacturing, retail, and technology among others, to accelerate the adoption of AI. At the foundation of the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform are our GPUs, which excel at parallel workloads such as the training and inferencing of neural networks. These Data Center systems are extreme co-designed with the GPU, CPU, NVLink switch, DPU, NIC, and scale-out networking along with software stacks and algorithms to deliver data center-scale computing solutions. While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the CUDA development platform, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, AI models and training data sets, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks. In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing and networking platform, we offer paid licenses to NVIDIA AI Enterprise, a comprehensive suite of enterprise-grade AI software and NVIDIA vGPU software for graphics-rich virtual desktops and workstations. In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture, a full set of data center scale infrastructure that includes GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, interconnects, switch chips and systems, and networking adapters. Blackwell excels at processing cutting edge generative AI and accelerated computing workloads with market leading performance and efficiency. Offered in a number of configurations, for customers across industries and a diverse set of AI and accelerated computing use cases. In fiscal year 2026, we unveiled the NVIDIA Rubin platform, which is expected to commence production shipments in the second half of fiscal year 2027. Built for agentic AI and reasoning, it excels at processing multi-step problem-solving and massive long-context workflows, delivering up to a 10x reduction in cost per token compared to Blackwell. For physical AI, we provide an end-to-end platform spanning data center infrastructure, open models, systems, embedded compute modules, and software stacks to train, simulate, and deploy advanced automation and robotics solutions. Gaming Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new high production value games, the continued rise of eSports, social connectivity and the increasing popularity of game streamers, modders, or gamers who remaster games, and creators. Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud gaming service, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles. Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic-quality rendering, and deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that boosts frame rates while generating high-quality images for games. RTX GPUs also feature NVIDIA tensor core technology making them well suited to accelerate a new generation of on-device AI applications. In fiscal year 2025, we announced the NVIDIA Blackwell GeForce RTX 50 Series family of desktop and laptop GPUs. The Blackwell architecture introduced neural graphics which combines AI models with traditional rendering to boost game performance, image quality, and interactivity, as well as the next generation of our DLSS technology powered by a new transformer model architecture. In fiscal year 2026, we launched and scaled Blackwell architecture for gaming and GeForce NOW. Professional Visualization We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as design, engineering, and digital content creation across a wide range of industry verticals. Additionally, the increasing number of generative and agentic AI applications is giving rise to the need for the enhanced AI and data processing capabilities of our RTX PRO GPUs. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX PRO GPUs and software. As these applications increasingly integrate AI, these GPUs are used and leverage the same Tensor Core technology found in our Data Center solutions. Automotive Automotive is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving from the cloud to the car. Leveraging our technology leadership in AI and building on long-standing relationships across several hundred automotive ecosystem partners, we are delivering a full stack end-to-end solution for the AV market under the DRIVE Hyperion platform. This platform consists of development infrastructure, high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware 6 Table of Contents running an in-vehicle operating system (DRIVE OS), a reference sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving, mapping, and parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences. Business Strategies NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include: Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantly less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. It can help solve problems that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, algorithm, and software layers. This full-stack innovation approach allows us to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets, which include Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in research and development: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets. Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers – GPUs, CPUs, and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our leadership position. In addition, we offer NVIDIA AI Enterprise—a comprehensive software suite designed to simplify the development and deployment of production-grade, end-to-end generative AI applications. NVIDIA AI Enterprise includes: NVIDIA NIM, which increases token throughput using industry-leading open and proprietary models; NVIDIA NeMo, a complete solution for curating, fine-tuning, reinforcement learning, evaluating, and safeguarding domain-adapted models; and AI Blueprints, pre-built, runnable templates that help enterprises build, optimize, and deploy AI agents while preserving privacy. These tools enable organizations to securely develop and run AI applications on NVIDIA-accelerated infrastructure anywhere. Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem. Our computing platforms are available from virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 7.5 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We are the leader in accelerating and releasing open AI models which enterprises, sovereigns, and startups can leverage to develop and run applications on our platform. We evangelize AI through partnerships with hundreds of universities and tens of thousands of startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform. Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the user experience for consumer entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our computer graphics platforms leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all RTX-class GPUs. Blackwell GPUs’ advanced AI and neural rendering capabilities combined with NVIDIA’s world-class AI software stacks significantly accelerate AI workloads running locally on PCs. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration and virtual world simulation software that empowers artists, designers, and creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of autonomous vehicles, or AV, and electric vehicles, or EV, is revolutionizing the transportation industry. The algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as reasoning, perception, localization, and planning - are too complex for legacy hand-coded approaches and will use multiple neural networks instead. Therefore, we provide an AI-based hardware and software solution, designed and implemented from the ground up based on automotive safety standards, for the AV and EV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through our partnerships across the transportation industry including with automotive OEMs, mobility service providers, robotaxis, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve the complex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving. 7 Table of Contents Leveraging our intellectual property, or IP. We believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners through license and development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products or have us do so through a custom development. Such license and development arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology. Sales and Marketing Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computing platforms and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with customers and various industry ecosystems through our partner network. Our partner network incorporates global, regional and specialized CSPs, OEMs, ODMs, ISVs, global system integrators, add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs, distributors, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other ecosystem participants. Members of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers and solution architects to provide pre-sales assistance to our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. For example, our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to enable our customers to optimize their hardware and software infrastructure for generative and agentic AI and LLM training and deployment. They also work with foundation model and enterprise software developers to enable our customers to optimize the training and fine-tuning of their models and services, and with enterprise end-users, often in collaboration with their global system integrator of choice, to fine-tune models and build AI applications. We believe that the depth and quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network’s time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction, and fostering relationships that encourage our customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within each platform. To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the software development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program supports the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for software applications and game titles that are optimized for our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in industries and organizations around the world to build AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms. Seasonality Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as data centers, gaming, professional visualization, and automotive. Our desktop gaming products typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may not repeat. Manufacturing We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of the significant costs and risks associated with owning and operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the production of our products, such as memory, substrates, and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most raw materials used in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, quality assurance, marketing, and customer support. In periods of growth, we may place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums, or provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity and may need to continue to do so. We have expanded our supplier relationships to build redundancy and resilience in our operations to provide long-term manufacturing capacity aligned with growing customer demand. While currently our supply chain is mainly concentrated in Asia, we are expanding into the U.S. and Latin America. We utilize foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., or Samsung, to produce our semiconductor wafers. We purchase memory from SK Hynix Inc., Micron Technology, Inc., and Samsung. We utilize CoWoS technology for semiconductor packaging. We engage with independent subcontractors and contract manufacturers such as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Wistron Corporation, and Fabrinet to perform assembly, testing and packaging of our final products. Competition The market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believe that the principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distribution channels, software support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believe that our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners will 8 Table of Contents demand and whether we are able to deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect competition to increase from both existing competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may provide better performance or additional features not provided by our products. In addition, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and acquire significant market share. A significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, embedded SoCs, and other accelerated, AI computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and proprietary technologies. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be more able to adapt to customers or technological changes. We expect an increasingly competitive environment in the future. Our current competitors include: • suppliers and licensors of hardware and software for discrete and integrated GPUs, custom chips and other accelerated computing solutions, including solutions offered for AI, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., or AMD, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., or Huawei, and Intel Corporation, or Intel; • large cloud services companies with internal teams designing hardware and software that incorporate accelerated or AI computing functionality as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., or Amazon, Baidu, Inc., Huawei, and Microsoft Corporation, or Microsoft; • suppliers of Arm-based CPUs and companies that incorporate hardware and software for CPUs as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Amazon, Huawei, and Microsoft; • suppliers of hardware and software for SoC products that are used in servers or embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD, Broadcom, Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung, or companies with internal teams designing SoC products for their own products and services, such as Tesla, Inc.; and • networking products consisting of switches, network adapters (including DPUs), and cable solutions (including optical modules) include such as AMD, Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Huawei, Intel, Lumentum Holdings Inc., and Marvell Technology, Inc, as well as internal teams of system vendors and large cloud services companies. Patents and Proprietary Rights We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and licensing arrangements to protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from March 2026 to June 2045. We have numerous patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our products and the technology used in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our IP. The laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for innovations and technologies based on such factors as: • the location in which our products are manufactured; • our strategic technology or product directions in different countries; • the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and • the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions. We have licensed technology from third parties and expect to continue entering such license agreements. Government Regulations Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments. Over the past three years, we have been subject to a series of shifting and expanding export control restrictions, impacting our ability to serve customers outside the United States. 9 Table of Contents In August 2022, the U.S. government, or USG, announced export restrictions and export licensing requirements targeting China’s semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impacted exports of certain chips, as well as software, hardware, equipment and technology used to develop, produce and manufacture certain chips to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia, and specifically impact our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits. In July 2023, the USG also informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East. In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements for exports to China and Country Groups D:1, D:4, and D:5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S RTX 4090, GB200 NVL72, and B200. The licensing requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. In April 2025, the USG informed us that it requires a license for export to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and D:5 countries, or to companies headquartered or with an ultimate parent therein, of our H20 integrated circuits and any other circuits achieving the H20’s memory bandwidth, interconnect bandwidth, or combination thereof. As a result of these requirements, we incurred a $4.5 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 associated with H20 for excess inventory and purchase obligations, as the demand for H20 products diminished. In August 2025, the USG granted licenses that would allow us to ship certain H20 products to certain China-based customers. We generated approximately $60 million in H20 revenue under those licenses. USG officials expressed an expectation that the USG will receive 15% or more of the revenue generated from licensed sales of our products, but the USG did not publish a regulation codifying such requirement. In February 2026, the USG granted a license that would allow us to ship small amounts of H200 products to specific China-based customers. To date, we have not generated any revenue under the H200 licensing program, and do not yet know whether any imports will be allowed into China. The license requires that the H200s go through an inspection process in the United States prior to any shipment to the customer. As a result, any H200 shipped under the new licensing program will be subject to a 25% tariff upon importation into the United States. In the event that we are able to sell licensed products into the China market, we may not be able to pass along all or any of the tariff to our customers, and may be subject to litigation, increased costs, and a harmed competitive position. The export controls applicable to China are complex and address a variety of parameters, including the total processing performance of a chip, the “performance density” of a chip, the interconnect bandwidth of a chip, and the memory bandwidth of a chip. Under the current rules and geopolitical landscape, we are unable to create and deliver a competitive product for China’s data center market that receives approval from both the USG and the Chinese government. As of the end of fiscal year 2026, we were effectively foreclosed from competing in China's data center computing/compute market, and our effective foreclosure from the China market helped our competitors build larger developer and customer ecosystems to challenge us worldwide. Unless we are able to return with a product that meets the approval of both the USG and the Chinese government, our lost opportunity and the benefit to our competitors will have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition to controls targeting D:1, D:4 and D:5 countries, the USG has also imposed worldwide export controls impacting our products, and may impose additional controls in the future. In January 2025, the USG published the AI Diffusion IFR in the Federal Register. The IFR would have imposed a worldwide licensing requirement on our data center products, such as our H200, GB200 and GB300. The AI Diffusion IFR would have divided the world into three tiers, relegating most countries to “Tier 2” status, and would have created a complex and burdensome scheme for licensing approvals. In May 2025, the USG announced that it would rescind the AI Diffusion IFR and implement a replacement rule. The scope, timing, and requirements of the forthcoming rule remain uncertain. The replacement rule may impose new restrictions on our products or operations and/or add license requirements that could have a material impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. For example, in October 2025, the Senate passed the “GAIN AI Act” in the NDAA. The GAIN AI Act would restrict the Trump Administration’s ability to adapt the Biden Administration’s export control rules, and could also allow private U.S. persons to review and overturn licensing and foreign policy decisions made by the Trump Administration. Our competitive position has been harmed by export controls, and our competitive position and future results will be further harmed, over the long term, if the restrictions remain in place or are expanded in geographic, customer, or product scope, if customers purchase product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other extended service obligations, if the USG does not grant licenses in a timely manner or denies licenses to significant customers or if we incur significant transition costs. 10 Table of Contents The licensing process may not be resolved before significant business opportunities evaporate. Even if the USG grants any requested licenses, the licenses have already and may in the future be temporary, impose burdensome conditions regarding the installation, maintenance, and use of such products, or include financial or economic requirements that we or our customers or end users cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements have already and may in the future benefit certain of our competitors, as the licensing process will make our pre-sale and post-sale technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain and encourage customers in China, the Middle East, and other regions to pursue alternatives to our products, including semiconductor suppliers based in China, Europe, and Israel. Additionally, restrictions imposed by the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely affect our Gaming revenue, and even if we are able to participate in the China data center compute market, increased oversight of digital platform companies may adversely affect our Data Center revenue. The Chinese government has encouraged customers to purchase from our China-based competitors and discouraged customers from purchasing, importing, or using our data center products, including any China-specific product designed to comply with U.S. export controls. While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in Asia, new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively impact our business. Refer to “

Risk Factors

Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information regarding our investments. During fiscal year 2026 and fiscal year 2025, we spent $6.1 billion and $3.4 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase capital expenditures in fiscal year 2027 relative to fiscal year 2026 to support the future growth of our business. Unrecognized tax benefits of $4.0 billion, which includes related interest and penalties of $374 million, were recorded in non-current income tax payable at the end of fiscal year 2026. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. We are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2023 and 2024. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of adoption of new and recently issued accounting pronouncements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Investment and Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. The investment portfolio is managed consistent with our overall liquidity strategy in support of both working capital needs and growth of our businesses. According to our sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio, a decrease in the yield curve of 0.5% as of the end of fiscal year 2026 and 2025 would decrease the fair value for these investments by approximately $0.2 billion. As of the end of fiscal year 2026, we had $8.5 billion of senior Notes outstanding. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. 44 Table of Contents Publicly-held equity securities are subject to market price volatility. A hypothetical 10% decrease in our publicly-held equity securities would decrease the fair value of the publicly-held equity securities balance by $1.8 billion and an insignificant amount as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, respectively. Non-marketable equity securities are measured based on cost minus impairment, if any, and are adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer. Valuations of our non-marketable equity securities are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and observable transactions, and impact of macroeconomic factors. For a description of our equity investments, refer to Notes 7 and 8 of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Foreign Exchange Rate Risk We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal as substantially all of our sales are in United States dollars and foreign currency forward contracts are used to offset movements of foreign currency exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in other income or expenses. The impact of foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in determining net income was not significant for fiscal years 2026 and 2025. Sales and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject to exchange rate fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive, which could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies could result in our suppliers raising their manufacturing costs. If the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, the amount recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been an adverse impact of $180 million and $136 million, respectively. Change in value of our foreign exchange contracts recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be expected to offset a corresponding change in hedged forecasted foreign currency expenses when recognized. If an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an adverse impact on income before taxes of $124 million and $129 million as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, respectively. These changes in fair values would be offset in Total other income, net, by corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, assuming the hedge contracts fully cover the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities balances. Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None.  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Based on their evaluation as of January 25, 2026, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our 45 Table of Contents management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 25, 2026 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the criteria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 25, 2026. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 25, 2026 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 25, 2026 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing a phased upgrade of our enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system to update our existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records used to report operating results. We will continue to evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been detected. Item 9B. Other Information The following members of our Board of Directors and/or officers adopted , modified or terminated a trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c), or a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement: Name Title of Director or Officer Action Date Total Shares of Common Stock to be Sold Expiration Date John O. Dabiri Director Adoption 12/10/2025 3,984 * 12/7/2026 Colette M. Kress Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Adoption 12/18/2025 500,000 3/23/2027 *Estimated assuming our closing stock price as of January 23, 2026. The number of shares is based on an estimate because the plan specifies a formulaic dollar amount of shares to be sold. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not Applicable. Part III Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report because we will file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, or the 2026 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2026, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Identification of Directors Information regarding directors required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the caption “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. Identification of Executive Officers Reference is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Information About Our Executive Officers” in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. 46 Table of Contents Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts Information regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the captions “Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors Information regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” and such disclosure, if any, is hereby incorporated by reference. Code of Conduct Information regarding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance — Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conduct and Financial Team Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. If we make any amendments to either code, or grant any waiver from a provision of either code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a report on Form 8-K. The contents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Insider Trading Policy The information required by Item 408(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the heading “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance.” Item 11. Executive Compensation Information regarding our executive compensation required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the captions “Executive Compensation,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Director Compensation,” and “Compensation Committee Report,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Ownership of NVIDIA Securities Information regarding ownership of NVIDIA securities required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the caption “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. Equity Compensation Plan Information Information regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the caption "Equity Compensation Plan Information," and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Information regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the captions “Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance — Independence of the Members of the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Information regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2026 Proxy Statement under the caption “Fees Billed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.  47 Table of Contents Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules     Page (a) 1. Financial Statements     Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238 ) 49   Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 2 5 , 202 6 , January 2 6 , 202 5 , and January 2 8 , 202 4 51 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended January 2 5 , 202 6 , January 2 6 , 202 5 , and January 2 8 , 202 4 52   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 2 5 , 202 6 and January 2 6 , 202 5 53   Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended January 2 5 , 202 6 , January 2 6 , 202 5 , and January 2 8 , 202 4 54   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 2 5 , 202 6 , January 2 6 , 202 5 , and January 2 8 , 202 4 55   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 56 2. Financial Statement Schedule     Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended January 2 5 , 202 6 , January 2 6 , 202 5 , and January 2 8 , 202 4 81 3. Exhibits     The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 82 48 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 25, 2026, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 25, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 25, 2026 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 25, 2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 49 Table of Contents Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories and Excess Product Purchase Commitments As described in Notes 1, 9, and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down inventory for excess or obsolete inventory and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of the Company’s inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on the Company’s inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand including the impact of market conditions such as regulatory export restrictions on their products. As of January 25, 2026, the Company’s consolidated inventories balance was $21.4 billion and the Company’s consolidated outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations balance was $95.2 billion, of which a significant portion relates to inventory purchase obligations. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when developing provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, including developing assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, including controls over management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures also included, among others, testing management’s process for developing the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments; evaluating the appropriateness of management’s approach; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the approach; and evaluating the reasonableness of management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) current and past results, including historical product life cycle, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) changes in technology. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California February 25, 2026 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2004. 50 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (In millions, except per share data) Year Ended Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 Revenue $ 215,938   $ 130,497   $ 60,922   Cost of revenue 62,475   32,639   16,621   Gross profit 153,463   97,858   44,301   Operating expenses Research and development 18,497   12,914   8,675   Sales, general and administrative 4,579   3,491   2,654   Total operating expenses 23,076   16,405   11,329   Operating income 130,387   81,453   32,972   Interest income 2,300   1,786   866   Interest expense ( 259 ) ( 247 ) ( 257 ) Other income, net 9,022   1,034   237   Total other income, net 11,063   2,573   846   Income before income tax 141,450   84,026   33,818   Income tax expense 21,383   11,146   4,058   Net income $ 120,067   $ 72,880   $ 29,760   Net income per share: Basic $ 4.93   $ 2.97   $ 1.21   Diluted $ 4.90   $ 2.94   $ 1.19   Weighted average shares used in per share computation: Basic 24,359   24,555   24,690   Diluted 24,514   24,804   24,940   See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 51 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (In millions) Year Ended Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 Net income $ 120,067   $ 72,880   $ 29,760   Other comprehensive income, net of tax Available-for-sale securities: Net change in unrealized gain 107   1   80   Cash flow hedges: Net change in unrealized gain (loss) 43   —   ( 10 ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax 150   1   70   Total comprehensive income $ 120,217   $ 72,881   $ 29,830   See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 52 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (In millions, except par value)   Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 Assets     Current assets:     Cash and cash equivalents $ 10,605   $ 8,589   Marketable securities 51,951   34,621   Accounts receivable, net 38,466   23,065   Inventories 21,403   10,080   Prepaid expenses and other current assets 3,180   3,771   Total current assets 125,605   80,126   Property and equipment, net 10,383   6,283   Operating lease assets 2,867   1,793   Goodwill 20,832   5,188   Intangible assets, net 3,306   807   Deferred income tax assets 13,258   10,979   Non-marketable equity securities 22,251   3,387   Other assets 8,301   3,038   Total assets $ 206,803   $ 111,601   Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 9,812   $ 6,310   Accrued and other current liabilities 21,352   11,737   Short-term debt 999   —   Total current liabilities 32,163   18,047   Long-term debt 7,469   8,463   Long-term operating lease liabilities 2,572   1,519   Other long-term liabilities 7,306   4,245   Total liabilities 49,510   32,274   Commitments and contingencies - see Note 12 —   —   Shareholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $ 0.001 par value; 2 shares authorized; none issued —   —   Common stock, $ 0.001 par value; 80,000 shares authorized; 24,304 shares issued and outstanding as of January 25, 2026; 24,477 shares issued and outstanding as of January 26, 2025 24   24   Additional paid-in capital 10,118   11,237   Accumulated other comprehensive income 178   28   Retained earnings 146,973   68,038   Total shareholders' equity 157,293   79,327   Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 206,803   $ 111,601   See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 53 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity Common Stock Outstanding Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Retained Total Shareholders' Shares Amount Capital  Income (Loss)  Earnings  Equity (In millions, except per share data) Balances as of Jan 29, 2023 24,661   $ 25   $ 11,948   $ ( 43 ) $ 10,171   $ 22,101   Net income —  —  —  —  29,760   29,760   Other comprehensive income —  —  —  70   —  70   Issuance of common stock 265   —  403   —  —  403   Tax withholding related to common stock ( 72 ) —  ( 2,783 ) —  —  ( 2,783 ) Shares repurchased ( 211 ) —  ( 27 ) —  ( 9,719 ) ( 9,746 ) Cash dividends declared and paid ($ 0.016 per common share) —  —  —  —  ( 395 ) ( 395 ) Stock-based compensation —  —  3,568   —  —  3,568   Balances as of Jan 28, 2024 24,643   25   13,109   27   29,817   42,978   Net income —  —  —  —  72,880   72,880   Other comprehensive income —  —  —  1   —  1   Issuance of common stock 203   —  490   —  —  490   Tax withholding related to common stock ( 59 ) —  ( 6,930 ) —  —  ( 6,930 ) Shares repurchased ( 310 ) ( 1 ) ( 189 ) —  ( 33,825 ) ( 34,015 ) Cash dividends declared and paid ($ 0.034 per common share) —  —  —  —  ( 834 ) ( 834 ) Stock-based compensation —  —  4,757   —  —  4,757   Balances as of Jan 26, 2025 24,477   24   11,237   28   68,038   79,327   Net income —  —  —  —  120,067   120,067   Other comprehensive income —  —  —  150   —  150   Issuance of common stock 160   —  644   —  —  644   Tax withholding related to common stock ( 51 ) —  ( 7,948 ) —  —  ( 7,948 ) Shares repurchased ( 282 ) —  ( 230 ) —  ( 40,158 ) ( 40,388 ) Cash dividends declared and paid ($ 0.04 per common share) —  —  —  —  ( 974 ) ( 974 ) Fair value of partially vested equity awards assumed in connection with acquisitions —  —  28   —  —  28   Stock-based compensation —  —  6,387   —  —  6,387   Balances as of Jan 25, 2026 24,304   $ 24   $ 10,118   $ 178   $ 146,973   $ 157,293   See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 54 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In millions) Year Ended   Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 Jan 28, 2024 Cash flows from operating activities:     Net income $ 120,067   $ 72,880   $ 29,760   Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Stock-based compensation expense 6,386   4,737   3,549   Depreciation and amortization 2,843   1,864   1,508   Gains on non-marketable equity securities and publicly-held equity securities, net ( 8,918 ) ( 1,030 ) ( 238 ) Deferred income taxes ( 1,424 ) ( 4,477 ) ( 2,489 ) Other ( 287 ) ( 502 ) ( 278 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ( 15,399 ) ( 13,063 ) ( 6,172 ) Inventories ( 11,324 ) ( 4,781 ) ( 98 ) Prepaid expenses and other assets 577   ( 395 ) ( 1,522 ) Accounts payable 3,096   3,357   1,531   Accrued and other current liabilities 5,257   4,278   2,025   Other long-term liabilities 1,844   1,221   514   Net cash provided by operating activities 102,718   64,089   28,090   Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from sales of marketable securities 15,157   495   50   Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities 11,226   11,195   9,732   Proceeds from sales of non-marketable equity securities 84   171   1   Purchases of marketable securities ( 40,616 ) ( 26,575 ) ( 18,211 ) Purchases of non-marketable equity securities ( 17,502 ) ( 1,486 ) ( 862 ) Groq, Inc. ( 13,000 ) —   —   Purchases related to property and equipment and intangible assets ( 6,042 ) ( 3,236 ) ( 1,069 ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ( 1,535 ) ( 1,007 ) ( 83 ) Other —   22   ( 124 ) Net cash used in investing activities ( 52,228 ) ( 20,421 ) ( 10,566 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds related to employee stock plans 644   490   403   Payments related to repurchases of common stock ( 40,086 ) ( 33,706 ) ( 9,533 ) Payments related to employee stock plan taxes ( 7,948 ) ( 6,930 ) ( 2,783 ) Dividends paid ( 974 ) ( 834 ) ( 395 ) Principal payments on property and equipment and intangible assets ( 101 ) ( 129 ) ( 74 ) Repayment of debt —   ( 1,250 ) ( 1,250 ) Other ( 9 ) —   ( 1 ) Net cash used in financing activities ( 48,474 ) ( 42,359 ) ( 13,633 ) Change in cash and cash equivalents 2,016   1,309   3,891   Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 8,589   7,280   3,389   Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 10,605   $ 8,589   $ 7,280   Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes, net $ 20,288   $ 15,118   $ 6,549   See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 55 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Our Company Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries. Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation. Non-marketable equity securities, previously presented within other assets, were reclassified to be presented separately on our consolidated balance sheets and had no impact to total assets or consolidated statement of cash flows. Fiscal Year We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2026, 2025 and 2024 were all 52-week years. Fiscal year 2027 will be a 53-week year with the fourth quarter consisting of 14 weeks. Principles of Consolidation Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to accounts receivable, cash equivalents and marketable securities, goodwill, income taxes, inventories and product purchase commitments, investigation and settlement costs, litigation, non-marketable equity securities, other contingencies, property, plant, and equipment, revenue recognition, and stock-based compensation. These estimates are based on historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable. Revenue Recognition We derive our revenue primarily from product sales including hardware and systems. We determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract (where revenue is allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price for each performance obligation); and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. Payment from customers, per our standard payment terms, is generally due shortly after delivery of our products. Product Sales Revenue Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty. Support and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for returns, customer programs and any taxes collected from customers. For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to accurately reflect our estimated exposure for product returns. Our customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, and MDFs which represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and are designed to support our partners’ activities while also promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue and accrue for such programs for potential rebates and MDFs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. 56 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations Our contracts may contain more than one deliverable, each of which is separately accounted for as a distinct performance obligation. We account for multiple agreements with a single customer as a single contract if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract. We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if it were sold separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. When determining standalone selling price, we maximize the use of observable inputs. Product Warranties We offer a limited warranty to end-users ranging from one to three years for products to repair or replace products for manufacturing defects or hardware component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at the point of revenue recognition. Under limited circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We also accrue for known warranty and indemnification issues if a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. Stock-based Compensation We use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restricted stock units, or RSUs, and performance stock units, or PSUs, that are based on our corporate financial performance targets. We use a Monte Carlo simulation on the date of grant to estimate the fair value of PSUs that are based on our stock performance compared to market performance, or market-based PSUs. The compensation expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employee service period while compensation expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model based on performance targets probable of achievement. We estimate the fair value of shares to be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement of an offering period in March and September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures. Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs We currently are, and will likely continue to be subject to claims, litigation, and other actions, including potential regulatory proceedings, involving patent and other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third parties, and other matters. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments or judgments. If information becomes available that causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation, investigations or settlements is probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss. However, the actual liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us to record additional costs. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. Foreign Currency Remeasurement We use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency for our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into United States dollars at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those expenses related to non-monetary balance sheet amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings in our Consolidated Statements of Income and to date have not been significant. Income Taxes We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized. Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change 57 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S., or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly. As of January 25, 2026, we had a valuation allowance of $ 768  million related to capital loss carryforwards, and certain other deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period. We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Net Income Per Share Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period, using the treasury stock method. Any anti-dilutive effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted net income per share. Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater than three months when purchased and publicly-held equity securities. We classify these investments as current or long term based on the nature of the investments and their availability for use in current operations. We record our debt investments as cash equivalents and marketable debt securities and classify them at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. These available-for-sale debt securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, a component of shareholders’ equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification method and recorded in the Other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income. Available-for-sale debt securities are subject to impairment review. If the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt securities is less than its amortized cost basis, we determine if the difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses and write-down the amortized cost basis of the securities if it is more likely than not we will be required or we intend to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in the Other income, net, net section of our Consolidated Statements of Income. Publicly-held equity securities and money market funds have readily determinable fair values with changes in fair value recorded in Other income, net. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their relatively short maturities as of January 25, 2026 and January 26, 2025. Marketable debt and equity securities are reported at fair value. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income or loss and is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments not designated as accounting hedges, changes in fair value are recognized in earnings. Financial instruments measured and disclosed at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair value as follows: • Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets. • Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices in less active markets or model-derived valuations that are observable either directly or indirectly. 58 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) • Level 3: Unobservable inputs in which there is little or no market data that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable securities, lease guarantees, and accounts receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type and credit exposures, and includes certain limits on our portfolio maturities. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall estimated exposure excludes amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit. Inventories Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs consist of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the cost of purchased memory products and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand including the impact of regulatory export restrictions on our products. Once inventory has been written-off or written-down, it creates a new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up. We record a liability for noncancelable purchase commitments with suppliers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of obsolete or excess inventory. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets of two to seven years . Once an asset is identified for retirement or disposition, the related cost and accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years . Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets recorded under finance leases. Leasehold improvements and assets recorded under finance leases are amortized over the shorter of the expected lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Leases We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are included in operating lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments over the lease term. We combine lease and non-lease components for offices and data centers in determining the operating lease assets and liabilities. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our incremental borrowing rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any lease incentives. Our lease terms include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Goodwill We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist. In completing our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis. Qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting units. Goodwill impairments were not identified for the periods presented. Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets Intangible assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology and customer relationships, as well as rights acquired under technology licenses, patents, and acquired IP. We currently amortize our intangible assets with finite lives over periods ranging from one to twenty years using a method that reflects the pattern 59 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably determined, using a straight-line amortization method. Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The recoverability of assets or asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based on the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of would be separately presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no longer be depreciated. Business Combination The Company applies a screen test to evaluate if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets to determine whether a transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition or business combination. We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the measurement period's conclusion or final determination of the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated Statements of Income. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred. Non-Marketable Equity Securities Non-marketable equity securities consist of investments in privately-held companies that do not have a readily determinable fair value. These investments are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, and are adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment in the same issuer, or the measurement alternative. Fair value is based upon observable inputs in an inactive market and the valuation requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. All gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in Other income, net on our Consolidated Statements of Income. We assess whether an impairment loss has occurred on our investments in non-marketable equity securities, accounted for under the measurement alternative based on quantitative and qualitative factors. If any impairment is identified for non-marketable equity securities, we write down the investment to its fair value and record the corresponding charge through Other income, net on our Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company assesses its investments for significant influence to determine the appropriate method of accounting, including application of the equity method. Equity method investments were not material. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued a new accounting standard requiring disclosures of certain additional expense information on an annual and interim basis, including, among other items, the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included within each income statement expense caption, as applicable. We will adopt this standard in the fiscal year 2028 annual report. We do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements other than additional disclosures. 60 Table of Contents NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) Note 2 - Groq In December 2025, we entered into a non‑exclusive license agreement with Groq, Inc., or Groq, for its language processing unit technology and hired certain Groq employees. No customer contracts, existing products, or equity interests were purchased. We recorded $ 14.4 billion of goodwill and a $ 2.5 billion developed technology intangible asset, valued using a cost‑to‑recreate methodology with a five‑year useful life. Goodwill, primarily attributable to the workforce and future development of the licensed technology, was recorded in the Compute & Networking reporting unit. Total consideration consists of $ 13.0 billion paid at closing and $ 4 billion, inclusive of imputed interest, payable within one year included in Accrued and Other Current Liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The goodwill is tax deductible. Pro forma results

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” our Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold, or sell shares of our common stock. Overview Our Company and Our Businesses NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, we have expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics and the scale of the gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, AI, data science, autonomous vehicles, robotics, and digital twin applications. NVIDIA is now a data center scale AI infrastructure company reshaping all industries. Our two operating segments are "Compute & Networking" and "Graphics." Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998. Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges Revenue growth in fiscal year 2026 was driven by data center compute and networking platforms for accelerated computing and AI solutions. Our Blackwell architectures represented the majority of our Data Center revenue. The availability of data centers, energy, and capital to support the buildout of NVIDIA AI infrastructure by our customers and partners is crucial, and any shortage of these or other necessary resources could impact our future revenue and financial performance. Expanding energy capacity to meet demand is a complex, multi-year process that involves significant regulatory, technical, and construction challenges. In addition, access to capital can be particularly constrained for less-capitalized companies, which may face difficulties securing financing for large-scale infrastructure projects. These limitations could delay customer and partner deployments or reduce the scale of accelerated computing and AI adoption. We continue to execute Data Center compute product introductions, bringing new advanced architectures on a one-year product cadence, including our Rubin platform. We began shipping production units of our new Blackwell Ultra platforms including GB300 in the second quarter of fiscal year 2026. The complexity of our product transitions and sophisticated system configurations has and may in the future cause delays in production and create challenges in managing supply and demand. This could further result in revenue volatility, quality issues, increased inventory provisions, decreases in product yields and higher material costs, and/or increased warranty costs. Customers may postpone purchasing new architectures or may adopt new technologies more gradually than anticipated, affecting our revenue timing and supply chain expenses. In April 2025, the USG informed us that a license is required for exports of our H20 product into the China market. As a result of these requirements, we incurred a $4.5 billion charge in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026 associated with H20 for excess inventory and purchase obligations, as the demand for H20 diminished. In August 2025, the USG granted licenses that would allow us to ship certain H20 products to certain China-based customers. We generated approximately $60 million in H20 revenue under those licenses. In February 2026, the USG granted a license that would allow us to ship small amounts of H200 products to specific China-based customers. To date, we have not generated any revenue under the H200 licensing program, and do not yet know whether any imports will be allowed into China. The license requires that the H200s go through an inspection process in the United States prior to any shipment to the customer. As a result, any H200 shipped under the new licensing program will be subject to a 25% tariff upon importation into the United States. The recent rise in high-quality open-source foundation models is making advanced AI capabilities broadly accessible. Open-source AI is dependent on developer adoption and if deployed on our competitors’ platforms, it could reduce demand for our products and services. While currently our supply chain is mainly concentrated in Asia, we are expanding into the U.S. and Latin America. These moves are expected to strengthen our supply chain, add resiliency and redundancy, and meet the growing demand for AI infrastructure. Our ability to increase manufacturing capabilities will depend on the local region's manufacturing ecosystem's capacity to ramp production supply to the required volume and on a timely basis. 36 Table of Contents We have made, and expect to continue making, investments that support our technology roadmap and the broader AI ecosystem. In fiscal year 2026, we made the following investments: • We invested $17.5 billion in private companies and infrastructure funds, primarily to support early‑stage startups. These investments include AI model makers that purchase our products directly or through CSPs. Many of these investments are illiquid and non‑marketable. The related early-stage startups may not become profitable in the near term, or at all, and there can be no assurance that we will realize a return on our investments. • We made investments in publicly-held equity securities where the value may fluctuate significantly due to changes in stock prices and could adversely affect our financial results. • To support the build-out of complex datacenter infrastructures, we enter into commercial arrangements, including guarantees with partners. We provided $3.5 billion in land, power, and shell guarantees to early‑stage companies, generally over multi‑year periods. If the escrow and the partners' operating activities are not sufficient to cover an event of default under these guarantees, we may elect to assume the underlying leases for internal use or sublease them to third parties. Macroeconomic factors, including tariffs, inflation, interest rate changes, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints, and global economic and geopolitical developments, have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our products. While difficult to isolate and quantify, these macroeconomic factors impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs, employee wages, costs for capital equipment, the value of our investments, revenue and competitive position. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously manage product availability and costs with our vendors. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters” for a further discussion of the potential impact of these factors on our business. Fiscal Year 2026 Summary   Year Ended   Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 Change ($ in millions, except per share data) Revenue $ 215,938  $ 130,497  Up 65% Gross margin 71.1  % 75.0  % -3.9 pts Operating expenses $ 23,076  $ 16,405  Up 41% Operating income $ 130,387  $ 81,453  Up 60% Net income $ 120,067  $ 72,880  Up 65% Net income per diluted share $ 4.90  $ 2.94  Up 67% Revenue for fiscal year 2026 was $215.9 billion, up 65% from a year ago. Data Center revenue for fiscal year 2026 was up 68% from a year ago. The strong year-on-year growth was driven by the major platform shifts – accelerated computing and AI. Gaming revenue for fiscal year 2026 was up 41% from a year ago, driven by strong Blackwell demand. We expect supply constraints to be a headwind to Gaming in the first quarter of fiscal 2027 and beyond. Professional Visualization revenue for fiscal year 2026 was up 70% from a year ago, driven by exceptional demand for Blackwell as well as the launch of our new DGX Spark. Automotive revenue for fiscal year 2026 was up 39% from a year ago, driven by continued adoption of our self-driving platforms. Gross margin decreased in fiscal year 2026 as our business model transitioned from offering Hopper HGX systems to Blackwell full-scale datacenter solutions. The gross margin decrease was also impacted by a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations. Operating expenses for fiscal year 2026 were up 41% from a year ago, driven by higher compensation and benefits expenses due to employee growth and compute and infrastructure costs. 37 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Estimates Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of inventories, income taxes, non-marketable equity securities, and revenue recognition. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary of significant accounting policies. Inventories We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products or components, based on our inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions, which requires management judgment. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory or excess product purchase commitments include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, including potential cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing products or inconsistent spikes in demand, failure to estimate customer demand properly, ordering in advance of historical lead-times, government regulations and the impact of changes in future demand, or increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions. The net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 2.6% in fiscal year 2026 and 2.3% in fiscal year 2025. Our inventory and capacity purchase commitments are based on forecasts of future customer demand and consider our third-party manufacturers' lead times and constraints. Our manufacturing lead times can be and have been long, and in some cases, extended beyond twelve months for some products. We may place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums and provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products. Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion. Income Taxes We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly. We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized based on all available evidence. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period. We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. Non-Marketable Equity Securities Non-marketable equity securities consist of investments in private companies without readily determinable fair values. They are measured at cost minus impairment, if any, and are adjusted for observable price changes in orderly transactions for a similar investment in the same issuer (the measurement alternative). These adjustments may require use of unobservable inputs. We assess impairment quarterly based on qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee’s operating performance and market trends. 38 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Revenue Allowances For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates, we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to reflect our estimated exposure for product returns. Return rights for certain stocking distributors for specific products are contractually limited based on a percentage of prior quarter shipments. For shipments to other customers, we do not allow returns, although we may approve returns for credit or refund based on applicable facts and circumstances. We account for customer programs, which involve rebates and marketing development funds, or MDFs, as a reduction in revenue and accrue for such programs based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. Certain customer programs include distributor price incentives or other channel programs for specific products and customer classes which require judgment as to whether the applicable incentives will be attained. Estimates for customer program accruals include a combination of historical attainment and claim rates and may be adjusted based on relevant internal and external factors. Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations Our contracts may contain more than one performance obligation. Judgment is required in determining whether each performance obligation within a customer contract is distinct. Except for License and Development Arrangements, NVIDIA products and services function on a standalone basis and do not require a significant amount of integration or interdependency. Therefore, multiple performance obligations contained within a customer contract are considered distinct and are not combined for revenue recognition purposes. We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. In most cases, we can establish standalone selling price based on directly observable prices of products or services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers. If standalone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell a product or service separately, we determine standalone selling price based on market data and other observable inputs. Results of Operations A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2025, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com. 39 Table of Contents The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue. Year Ended   Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 Revenue 100.0  % 100.0  % Cost of revenue 28.9  25.0  Gross profit 71.1  75.0  Operating expenses   Research and development 8.6  9.9  Sales, general and administrative 2.1  2.7  Total operating expenses 10.7  12.6  Operating income 60.4  62.4  Interest income 1.1  1.4  Interest expense (0.1) (0.2) Other income, net 4.2  0.8  Total other income, net 5.2  2.0  Income before income tax 65.5  64.4  Income tax expense 9.9  8.6  Net income 55.6  % 55.8  % Reportable Segments Revenue by Reportable Segments Year Ended Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 $ Change % Change ($ in millions) Compute & Networking $ 193,479  $ 116,193  $ 77,286  67  % Graphics 22,459  14,304  8,155  57  % Total $ 215,938  $ 130,497  $ 85,441  65  % Operating Income by Reportable Segments Year Ended Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 $ Change % Change ($ in millions) Compute & Networking $ 130,141  $ 82,875  $ 47,266  57  % Graphics 9,156  5,085  4,071  80  % Total $ 139,297  $ 87,960  $ 51,337  58  % Compute & Networking revenue – The year over year increase was driven by the major platform shifts – accelerated computing and AI. Revenue from Data Center computing grew 59% driven by demand for our Blackwell computing platform. Revenue from Data Center networking grew 142% driven by the introduction and continued ramp of NVLink compute fabric for GB200 and GB300 systems and the growth of Ethernet and InfiniBand platforms. Graphics revenue – The year over year increase was driven by sales of our Blackwell architecture. Reportable segment operating income – The year over year increase in Compute & Networking segment operating income was driven by growth in revenue, partially offset by a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026. The year over year increase in Graphics segment operating income was driven by the growth in revenue. 40 Table of Contents Concentration of Revenue We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, CSPs, AI model makers, and system integrators. Certain direct customers may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete their build. We refer to indirect customers as those who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, Neocloud builders, AI model makers, enterprises, and public sector entities. Our revenue is concentrated among a limited number of direct and indirect customers and this trend may continue. Direct Customers – For fiscal year 2026, sales to one direct customer represented 22% of total revenue and sales to another direct customer represented 14% of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute & Networking segment. For fiscal year 2025, sales to one direct customer represented 12% of total revenue and sales to two direct customers each represented 11% of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute & Networking segment. For fiscal year 2024, sales to one direct customer represented 13% of total revenue, and were primarily attributable to the Compute & Networking segment. Indirect Customers – Indirect customer revenue is an estimation based upon multiple factors including customer purchase order information, product specifications, internal sales data, and other sources. Indirect customers primarily purchase our products through system integrators and distributors. We generate a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of indirect customers, some individually representing 10% or more of our revenue. Certain companies purchase cloud and related services through various direct and indirect customers. We estimate that one AI research and deployment company contributed to a meaningful amount of our revenue purchasing cloud services from our customers in fiscal year 2026. Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the location of the headquarters of direct customers. The end customer and shipping location may be different from our customers' headquarters location. Revenue from sales to customers headquartered outside of the United States accounted for 31% and 41% of total revenue for fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. Gross Profit and Gross Margin Gross profit consists of total net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and component costs, tariffs, and shipping costs. Cost of revenue also includes acquisition-related intangible amortization expense, costs for license and development and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing operations. Gross margins decreased to 71.1% in fiscal year 2026 from 75.0% in fiscal year 2025 as our business model transitioned from offering Hopper HGX systems to Blackwell full-scale datacenter solutions and a $4.5 billion charge associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations in the first quarter of fiscal year 2026. Provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $7.2 billion and $3.7 billion for fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively, including $4.5 billion associated with H20 excess inventory and purchase obligations for the first quarter of fiscal year 2026. Sales of previously reserved inventory and settlements of excess inventory purchase obligations resulted in a provision release of $1.5 billion and $689 million for fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. The net effect on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 2.6% and 2.3% in fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. Operating Expenses   Year Ended   Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 $ Change % Change   ($ in millions) Research and development $ 18,497  $ 12,914  $ 5,583  43  % Sales, general and administrative 4,579  3,491  1,088  31  % Total operating expenses $ 23,076  $ 16,405  $ 6,671  41  % The increases in research and development expenses for fiscal year 2026 were driven by a 29% increase in compensation and benefits expense, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases and a 79% increase in compute and infrastructure. 41 Table of Contents The increases in sales, general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2026 were primarily driven by compensation and benefits expense, including stock-based compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases. Total Other Income, Net   Year Ended   Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025 $ Change   ($ in millions) Interest income $ 2,300  $ 1,786  $ 514  Interest expense (259) (247) (12) Other income, net 9,022  1,034  7,988  Total other income, net $ 11,063  $ 2,573  $ 8,490  The increase in interest income was primarily due to growth in cash, cash equivalents, and debt securities. Interest expense is primarily comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes. Other income, net primarily consists of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-marketable equity securities, publicly-held equity securities, and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. The change in Other income, net, compared to fiscal year 2025, was primarily driven by unrealized gains in non-marketable and publicly-held equity securities, including gains from our previously announced investment in Intel’s common stock. Refer to Note 7 and 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our non-marketable equity securities. Income Taxes Income tax expense was $21.4 billion and $11.1 billion for fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. Income tax as a percentage of income before income tax was an expense of 15.1% and 13.3% for fiscal years 2026 and 2025, respectively. The effective tax rate increased primarily due to a lower percentage of tax benefits from stock-based compensation, FDDEI, and U.S. federal research tax credit relative to the increase in income before income tax. Our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2026 and 2025 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0% primarily due to tax benefits from FDDEI, stock-based compensation, income earned in jurisdictions that are subject to taxes at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, and the U.S. federal research tax credit. In July 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) was enacted into law and contains several changes to key U.S. federal income tax laws. We have recognized the tax effects of currently effective OBBBA provisions in our results for fiscal year 2026. We will continue to evaluate the impact of these legislative changes as tax authorities provide additional guidance and interpretation. As of January 25, 2026, based on recent jurisdictional taxable income and expected future earnings, we concluded certain state deferred tax assets are more likely than not realizable and released $711 million of valuation allowance. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Liquidity and Capital Resources   Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025   (In millions) Cash and cash equivalents $ 10,605  $ 8,589  Marketable securities 51,951  34,621  Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $ 62,556  $ 43,210  42 Table of Contents   Year Ended Jan 25, 2026 Jan 26, 2025   (In millions) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 102,718  $ 64,089  Net cash used in investing activities $ (52,228) $ (20,421) Net cash used in financing activities $ (48,474) $ (42,359) Our fixed income security investments include highly rated, diversified investment types and credit exposures with shorter maturities. Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025, due to higher revenue. Cash used in investing activities increased in fiscal year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025, primarily driven by higher purchases of equity investment securities and the execution of a non-exclusive license agreement with Groq. Cash used in financing activities increased in fiscal year 2026 compared to fiscal year 2025, mainly due to higher share repurchases. Liquidity Our primary sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated by our operations. As of January 25, 2026, we had $62.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future, including our future obligations. We continuously evaluate our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements. Our marketable securities consist of publicly-held equity securities, debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly-rated corporations and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly-rated financial institutions. These marketable securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Except for approximately $1.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S., substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held outside the U.S. at the end of fiscal year 2026 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes. Our first quarter of any fiscal year (including fiscal year 2027) generally does not include any estimated federal and state income tax payments and our second quarter of any fiscal year (including fiscal year 2027) generally includes two estimated federal and state income tax payments. Capital Return to Shareholders On August 26, 2025, our Board of Directors approved an additional $60.0 billion in share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal year 2026, we repurchased 282 million shares of our common stock for $40.4 billion. As of January 25, 2026, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase up to $58.5 billion of our common stock. From January 26, 2026 through February 20, 2026, we repurchased 8 million shares for $1.5 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan. We may execute repurchases from time to time, subject to market conditions, operating requirements, and other investment opportunities, in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or in structured share repurchase agreements in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. Our share repurchase program may be suspended at any time at our discretion. In fiscal year 2026, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $974 million. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders. The U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 requires a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases in excess of shares issued for employee compensation made after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is included in our share repurchase cost and was not material for fiscal years 2026 and 2025. 43 Table of Contents Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program Our aggregate debt maturities as of January 25, 2026, by year payable, are as follows:   Jan 25, 2026   (In millions) Due in one year $ 1,000  Due in one to five years 2,750  Due in five to ten years 1,250  Due in greater than ten years 3,500  Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs (32) Net carrying amount $ 8,468  Less short-term portion 999  Total long-term portion $ 7,469  In January 2026, we increased the amount of our commercial paper program, pursuant to which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes from time to time or all at once up to $25.0 billion. As of January 25, 2026, no commercial paper was outstanding. We will continue to evaluate issuing commercial paper as a component of our overall liquidity strategy. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion. Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations For descriptions of our facility lease guarantees, long-term debt, purchase commitments, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 10, Note 11, Note 12, and Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively. We expect to continue investing in our ecosystem. We are finalizing an investment and partnership agreement with OpenAI. There is no assurance that we will enter into an investment and partnership agreement with OpenAI or that a transaction will be completed. Refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors for additional information regarding our investments. During fiscal year 2026 and fiscal year 2025, we spent $6.1 billion and $3.4 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase capital expenditures in fiscal year 2027 relative to fiscal year 2026 to support the future growth of our business. Unrecognized tax benefits of $4.0 billion, which includes related interest and penalties of $374 million, were recorded in non-current income tax payable at the end of fiscal year 2026. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. We are currently under examination by the Internal Revenue Service for our fiscal years 2023 and 2024. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information. Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of adoption of new and recently issued accounting pronouncements.